So a very quick lecture,
but to actually prevent accidental deletes
of your CloudFormation stacks,
you must use Termination Protection.
I will show you right now how to enable it in the console.
So let me create a stack.
I will upload and type of file, name just EC2,
and then demo, next,
scroll down, next, and then actually upload this.
Okay, so this is my stack,
and what I'm going to do now is that I'm going
to edit the termination protection.
So as you can see right now it was deactivated,
but I'm going to activate this termination protection.
And now it was successfully changed.
So my stack right here, if I try
to delete it, it's impossible.
It says that termination protection is enabled in the stack,
and first, I must disable the termination protection
before deleting it.
So this is a safety against accidental deletes.
Now, if I have the necessary permissions
to actually edit the termination protection,
I can deactivate it,
and then from there
I can actually delete my CloudFormation stack.
And that's it.
You've seen termination protection.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.